stream died all right we're back I don't
know what the hell why it is is
that I don't know how it's
possible that uh an Ethernet drivers
just randomly CR out but whatever
where's Captain I want to finish this
discussion and then I'm probably going
to go fall asleep or
are I box is not
on it should be
on let me check the boxes they're
supposed to be
Welcome Back YouTube
folks looking to finish this discussion
I'll answer whatever RL stuff as well
while I'm
here I'm not going to do anything crazy
heavy today I'm
like all woozi and out of it I don't
know how it's just Nova can and tile and
all I should be fine
there's all sorts of stuff to do there
are Captain's environment there's a Code
ball environment from Nev bets got
blastar
emerge and then there are some uh GPU
Drive needs a code pass there's some
stuff to do on Sumo it's a traffic
simulator and n and then uh oh yeah then
there's also like Jack compatibility
stuff so there's just tons of like
cleanup work to do before we start on on
all the cool new
science um cool new science will
probably be start start of 20 uh start
of 2025
I'll give Captain a couple minutes to
find the stream back
again if not I'll just go
chill for a couple hours before uh
Christmas Eve dinner
there's a lot of new science side stuff
I want to start working
on but hey it's a good problem to have
got lots of environments under
development and getting merged
in in particular I think the captain's
environment deserves a
um I mean this is like a substantial
enough project to be worth a better
front end
it so like this environment
here it's all physically
simulated here's the
thing is it this one
yeah this is what happens if you just do
the same thing with some nice
shaders
right it's essentially just a Fresh coat
of
this this looks fun 84% off so there's
their free advertising
I don't know I guess they disappeared
it's Christmas Eve anyways so
um I suppose I will simply
uh yeah it's Christmas Eve anyways and
I'm like way out of it 2our route canal
um like an hour and a half ago so I
think what I'm going to do is I'm going
to go chill for a
bit oh wait no here there there he is
that guy's back just in time I was about
to just sign off I had to know where
Captain is um
thing it should be a scatter shouldn't
it don't I have one of
these oh okay
yeah you have the same thing here the
shift and then the dot to in
yeah um don't I have one of these in the
policies so here this is a fact these
factors right
hot you just have to do a [ __ ] sum I
believe yeah this is a cumulative sum
over the multi
hot I don't know how fast it is
hopefully it should be good neural M Mo
is over
500k not it's a Game Boy pixel values
pixel values aren't evenly spaced
between 0 and 255 a
fun the boxes should be good right now
right I I know they all went down
in the middle of the night with some
[ __ ] internet
bug same unpacking for
events yeah makes
sense I don't know where Captain
went dream only went down for a couple
minutes it is New Year's Eve I mean uh
New Year's Eve Christmas Eve
though still can't run
training well that's
that lost and sweeps it's been a rough
ride yeah well that's what happens in
slow environments in RL right you're
basically just getting the RL PhD
student experience proper there except
imagine that if the environment were
like another three times slower than
yours is and you had like two boxes uh
instead of instead of four that's and
you didn't even have any of the nice
puffer infrastructure that's like the RL
PhD student experience
crazy yeah the thing about it is
like you really can only
get stuff like carbs it's kind of like a
zero order Optimizer you really can't
these things just aren't going to scale
to an unlimited number of parameters
that
are uh codependent in weird
ways so like if those rewards were like
for independent sections of the game and
they didn't really have much to do with
one another then you'd probably be
fine if the environment were fast at
least
is this you or the captain oh he's
coming back I
think
isolate the parameters it's hard to
ablate scripts to isolate the
parameters
H
well if you need my eyes on it um you
know after Christmas I can just I can do
that I I'm not going to be much use at
the moment I'm not exactly at 100%
capacity right
now um and I'll have really look at what
you've been working on
lately I figured I was good enough just
to like vagle a decent policy and OBS
architecture though
reintroduction wild battles curious
where this ends up no canate each script
individually I can't remove all of them
at the same time
currently
oh
um like what happens
though I if you give me I want to see
the curves like if you have the uh the
scripts individually ablated
those would be like drop one
ablations send like link me at some
point if you get a chance like link me
the all the drop one oblations and then
like the full thing versus
none okay well that's that is he issue
you really should
like yeah you can't lose track of core
important experiments when you're on a
big project like that like basic like
experimental hiding meat is like really
worth a lot for that we're all guilty of
it but it's like especially for
something that's G that's
scale just got back does the order of
bits bites in channel in channels matter
much
um not for pie torch not for the pie
torch side when you go to port to C uh
you will thank yourself if it is laid
out the way that pytorch expects it
already which is Channel's
first I just did this yesterday
for uh for Xander's environment he had
it his channels last which is actually
better but pytorch does channels
first so unless you want you could just
write a permutant see and be
does the order of bites
and are you asking me literally if
like which channel which like one hot
goes into
matters you can't be asking me that
right like you know how a comp works
right like the com doesn't have like a
positional index that
matters right
what yeah I can't see what the question
would be there I think the answer should
be no unless you have something
weird ordering does matter for neural
networks but you're you're taking
something and applying it in a wrong
context
if I'm going to it it has to be a
consistent ordering so if I give you 10
scalar attributes and I shift the order
of them randomly you know from agent to
agent that'll screw it up the other
thing that matters is um like set set
properties so like let's say that you
have 10 agents 10 entities right and
then like I just take all the attributes
for each entity and I concatenate them
into one big vector then the neuron
Net's not going to learn like if I move
if I swap agent one and agent two it's
going to look different to the neuron
Network which is why you need these like
entity architectures that use some sort
of attention but in the context that
you're asking like does literally the
order of one Hots in a CNN make sense
then no like you should know how the
network works though here let me explain
why this question doesn't make any sense
to
yours um
so let's say that you have 10 agents and
they each have one there's just one
property that they each have A1 a
[Music]
two okay and you're going to have a
fully connected net layer represented by
this x okay so what does a fully
connected Network do well it's a m
Matrix multiply right so you get like
neuron one to this thing right plus uh
neuron 2 to this thing plus neuron 3
plus neuron four right and then you take
the next neuron and you get like
this right this is how a neuron
networks so if you swap A2 and
A1 you see you'll get a different
output this is because this architecture
right in a linear layer
is not order invariant to it's not
invariant to the order in which you
present this
data so this is the main area that you
can screw up in with the neuronet
um but like and the same thing will
happen in a conf but in the case that
you're asking you're not asking about
this right you're not asking if I like
swap these around you're just asking
like hey I've got a bunch of different
features you're you're basically just
asking like hey look
features and I'm always going to present
them in the same order right so like
here's another piece of data uh what do
we call it
g here's another piece of data and what
you're asking is like hey if I swap all
of the pieces of data right if I always
put two where one is does it make a
difference and in that case no it'll
just learn you know it'll just learn the
opposite mapping from before it only
matters if you do it
inconsistently
right does that make sense and the com
is the same thing right because what's a
com a com is just using a filter which
is a block of Weights which is applied
at the same position I in space
repeatedly right all a com does it takes
a block of Weights that looks like this
you know it takes like a block of
weights and then it convolves it over
the input okay and then your features
are along this axis so again does it
matter if you do
this no as long as you do it
consistently you're
good it only cares about this 2D spatial
dimension
this 2D spatial Dimension this
way so hopefully this is helpful
anything else I have to answer here are
we good for uh for the time being
initial policy confused on how you do
the multi-hot
encoding so I have it right here if
you're that guy has the bits thing but
if you're ignoring the bits thing you
look at the neural MMO 3
policy uh so in this
case it's actually even easier for you
because you don't have to like this is
hey this one can take four values this
one can take four values this one can
take 17 values you just have bits so in
your case it's very easily literally all
you do is a
scatter me show you
so you just make you're just going to
make something of size batch
size um this will be like 10 or however
many channels you have and then this
will be 21 by 21 and you'll just scatter
it actually in your case you don't even
have to do that
right cuz you actually already you
already have it in the format that you
want
it so format is for multi hot I think
you actually
literally yeah you literally don't even
have to do anything you already have it
in the format you want it
right cuz your data is going to be laid
out
like so your OBS dat is going to be laid
out like this in memory
this is channel
one and then this is
like
one1 Row
what no
that the Pokemon network is a 100 times
slower you you can't be lazy with this
stuff
in like these nets are a 100 times
faster you can't be messing around with
dictionary formats for the most part
okay so your data is laid out like this
in memory and it's just zeros and ones
right these are bytes then literally
this is just a pytorch tensor Captain
like pytorch just takes this as a tensor
it's already in the format it's already
in the channels major format right so
this like zero 0 1 1 right 1 Z
whatever and if you bit pack it right
you'll sa but Fair bit of data but
that's a good starting
point pass scaler OBS for other drones
as
well yeah you can pass scaler OBS for
the other drones if you want what you
could do if you really wanted to is you
could just always make I've used this
trick
before so this is going to be your drone
data right
you can just always put yourself first
right you put your own your own Vector
first and then what you do so these get
embedded here let me let's make a
new right so here's the observation for
a single agent right it observes itself
which is
first and then it observes the other
three
okay so
linear gives
you it's still the same as before right
it's just different
size um and then you can do like
attenion type thing in which what you
would do is you take your first vector
and you multiply it against the whole
Matrix so you take
self and you take uh this has to be
transposed so this
transposed and that gives you like
keying your own agent embedding against
the other agent embeddings and then you
take a
Max so in code it would be something
like it would be
it would be something
like uh
agent what's it drone
OBS and then we do like linear what is
it here
OBS and then what we do is
e z
B something like
this does that code make sense to you
I wouldn't necessarily advise doing this
first I'd advise doing my version first
and then abling
it but does that code make
welcome this is
currently policy design and
troubleshooting with Captain on on
his physics Arena shooter environment
that looks
like you should put a a better footage
policy like a better footage version of
this so people can see how cool it is
this doesn't do it justice the demos
you've shown are like way cooler than
this
you hit eight people watching the stream
on 3:30 p.m. on Christmas Eve is funny
to
me and I'm only half years so I'll say
eight and a half
this
amusing where'd you go captain
crash oh let me check the
uh let me check the test to see if
they all right so it doesn't work on
38 uh do we
care oh it's cuz I literally I took I
just took 38 off
oh there we
go
38 yeah works on everything else so I
think we're good I think we've got
working
package this badge should re-evaluate
right yeah so this will
re-evaluate and and we will see working
puffer oh and this badge is wrong as
well isn't
star oh the actions badge will update as
well okay so it will show uh it should
just show 39 310 311 once this runs
do star the repo if you have not already
it helps us a
Captain if you're still here if uh if
this resolves everything I think we're
good
for for Christmas Eve um I'll answer
anything else while I'm
here but if not I'll think I'll call
it merged uh M build
support hopefully made this policy stuff
make sense for you merg that guy's
action for
uh test
that why does it say install
failing install passing
great okay we're set
then um well thanks folks if you uh you
want to get the puffer a star for
Christmas please go ahead and do that if
you're not in the Discord Discord g/p
puffer I don't know why I have this site
up we have a way better one
now puffer AI puffer doai it's got all
our stuff on it got docs blog everything
else is here so other than that thanks
folks and